Q. What is cidr?
Ans. Classless inter-domain routing (CIDR) is a set of Internet protocol (IP) standards that is used to create unique identifiers for networks and individual 
     devices. The host identifier is used to determine which host or device on the network should receive incoming information packets.
     
Q.  What is vpc?     
Ans.  A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS Cloud.
      You can launch your AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into your VPC.A subnet is a range of IP addresses in your VPC.
      
 Q.  What is NAT Gateway?
 Ans.  A NAT gateway is a Network Address Translation (NAT) service. You can use a NAT gateway so that instances in a private subnet can connect to 
       services outside your VPC but external services cannot initiate a connection with those instances. You route traffic from the NAT gateway 
       to the internet gateway for the VPC.
       
  Q.   What is internet Gateway?
  Ans. An Internet Gateway (IGW) is a logical connection between an Amazon VPC and the Internet. It is not a physical device. Only one can be associated
       with each VPC. It does not limit the bandwidth of Internet connectivity. (The only limitation on bandwidth is the size of the Amazon EC2 instance,
       and it applies to all traffic — internal to the VPC and out to the Internet.)
       
  Q.   Diffrence between Nat And Internet Gateway?
  Ans. VPC does not have an Internet Gateway, then the resources in the VPC cannot be accessed from the Internet (unless the traffic flows via a corporate network 
       and VPN/Direct Connect).
       An Internet Gateway allows resources within your VPC to access the internet, and vice versa. In order for this to happen, there needs to be a routing 
       table entry allowing a subnet to access the IGW.
       
       A NAT Gateway does something similar, but with two main differences:
       It allows resources in a private subnet to access the internet (think yum updates, external database connections, wget calls, OS patch, etc).
       It only works one way. The internet at large cannot get through your NAT to your private resources unless you explicitly allow it.
       
   Q.  What is Private Subnet?
   Ans.  A private subnet sets that route to a NAT instance. Private subnet instances only need a private ip and internet traffic is routed through the NAT
         in the public subnet. You could also have no route to 0.0. 0.0/0 to make it a truly private subnet with no internet access in or out.
         
   Q.   What is public Subnet?
   Ans. Public subnets have a default route to an Internet Gateway; private subnets do not. So, to determine if a given subnet is public or private, you need to 
        describe the route table that is associated with that subnet. That will tell you the routes and you can test for a 0.0.
        
   Q.   What is ec2? and its uses.
   Ans. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides scalable computing capacity in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud. Using Amazon EC2 eliminates 
        your need to invest in hardware up front, so you can develop and deploy applications faster.
        
   Q.   ssh command public instance?
   Ans.  ssh -i publickey.pem ubuntu@ip address
   
   Q.   What is role in IAM?
   Ans. An IAM role is an IAM entity that defines a set of permissions for making AWS service requests. IAM roles are not associated with a specific 
        user or group. Instead, trusted entities assume roles, such as IAM users, applications, or AWS services such as EC2.
        
   Q.   What is policies ?
   Ans. A policy is an object in AWS that, when associated with an entity or resource, defines their permissions. AWS evaluates these policies when
        a principal, such as a user, makes a request. Permissions in the policies determine whether the request is allowed or denied. Most policies are stored
        in AWS as JSON documents.
        
   Q.   What is s3 bucket?
   Ans. An Amazon S3 bucket is a public cloud storage resource available in Amazon Web Services' (AWS) Simple Storage Service (S3), an object storage
        offering. Amazon S3 buckets, which are similar to file folders, store objects, which consist of data 
   
   Ans. 
